hey everyone Chef Jason Hill here and
tonight I am going to prepare an udon
noodle dish and I've got about three
packs it's almost a pound of prepared
oonagh noodles so let's get started
okay I'm going to go ahead and soak
bouton noodles in warm water and falou
before we prepare these alright I'm
going to keep this recipe vegetarian so
I'm going to use a pound of firm tofu
you can use extra firm so we're gonna
want to cut this into bite-sized pieces
pizzas pieces right down the middle down
the middle the top I'm just going to
cube it up you can buy this already
cubed up but how lazy is that
okay here we go tofu good stuff good for
you now we're going to take my pan
preheated on medium-high I don't have a
wok I don't know what happened to my wok
I need to get a new one so it's a
tablespoon and a half of canola followed
by about a half a teaspoon of some
sesame oil coat the pan the oil around
then we're just going to drop in the
tofu pieces when you get those brown on
at least two sides and this takes a
little while for the tofu to Brown when
I just used a little screen so the oil
doesn't pop all over my kitchen okay
while the tofu is cooking away we are
going to get the rest of our ingredients
together I have six green onion here for
garnish two tablespoons of soy sauce
tablespoon of rice vinegar two teaspoons
of sugar a heaping teaspoon of my garlic
shallot puree or you could use about two
tablespoons of just regular sliced
garlic and then two tablespoons of fresh
grated ginger all that smells good
okay for the onion I cut them in about
one-inch sections on the bias
look after soaking for about 10 minutes
the noodles are starting to break apart
try to do this gently you don't want to
shred them just wanted to pull apart
just kind of come apart like that no
okay like I said I'm going to turn them
Brown them on at least two sides there
we go look at that that's good
this is probably about the longest part
of the recipe just turning these little
cubes over you don't have to do it
individually you can just shake the pan
if you want and let them all turn over
but on picky so I'm going to do each one
alright at this point after about 15
minutes two sides of our tofu or Brown
now we're going to drop in our ginger
and the garlic shallot puree
and we're going to hold man the aroma
this is unreal it's only three
ingredients we're almost done so now I
just slide my pot over here and it's
okay to get some of that water in there
let's stir our noodles around drop in
our green onion put the lid on that's
going to sit there for just a couple
minutes and we're just going to combine
the sugar soy sauce and the rice vinegar
stir that up until the sugar completely
dissolves
now ready to pour this over our mousse
give this a really really good stir
okay so at this point you can serve it
just like this and my wife actually
likes boy toys a version of the vom and
noodles even though these are Oh Don you
can stir in right now some sliced
American cheese top it with a poached
egg but we're just going to add broth to
this and you can do a veggie broth
mushroom broth chicken broth even beef
broth and today I'm doing chicken broth
all right I have four cups of organic
chicken broth I'm just going to pour
that in there
bring it to a boil okay see it's
starting to simmer coming to a boil at
this point I like to give it a little
taste
mmm ooh perfect
just needs a pinch of salt from the
heavens give me a little
two pinches and stir that in
and that's it super easy super delicious
all right there you have it a simple
dude on tofu soup let's give it a try
get some noodles
hmm hmm
piece of tofu green onion oh man
very good thanks for tuning in for more
simple and delicious recipes click on
these links and please don't forget to
Like share and subscribe